# CookieMonster

Project link : to be added

This package extends the work of Bhatia et al. 2016 to add graph centrality measure to its supervised model as a feature. 

Please refer to [Bhatia et al. 2016 github page](https://github.com/sb1992/NETL-Automatic-Topic-Labelling-) for general instructions how to use the package.

## Our Contributions

1. Replicate evaluation methods to get the evaluation scores mentioned in the Bhatia paper. This is in `evaluation` folder. When you run `evaluation/evalutaion.py`, the gold standard label ranking file is automatically generated within `model_run` folder. Please target the output files generated by `model_run/get_labels.py` accordingly. Please modify the paths for each target file within the file as well.
2. `model_run/unsupervised_label_ft` which uses unsupervised method using similarity score function with pre-trained fasttext model. Please modify/add path for pre-trained fasttext model within the file. 
3. In order to generate topic graphs using DBpedia, please refer to `model_run/DBpedia_experiment.ipynb`. Please generate into certain path, and sync with the topic folder within `model_run/unsupervised_label_db`. 
4. `model_run/unsupervised_label_db` which uses unsupervised method using graph centrality measure mentioned in Hulpus et al. (2013). Please fix the file according to needs for further experiments. Also when you run the file to generate ranks from the graph method, pickle file of dictionary that maps the labels to its graph centrality scores is generated. Please modify the path accordingly for your use.
5. `model_run/get_labels.py` is modified to incorporate the changes made for fasttext model and DBpedia model.
6. `model_run/supervised_labels` is modified to incorporate graph centrality measure as an extra feature. In the same context, `train_svm_model.py` is modified to generate runnable svm model with the added feature. Please replace with the existing svm model by running `train_svm_model.py` if you wish to include the extra feature we generated.

## Work in progress

1. `model_run/Bert.py` and `model_run/bigbert.py` are works in progress to incorporate BERT neural embeddings into candidate generation methods instead of word2vec and doc2vec. 
2. Better methods to extract graphs are work in progress and also effrots to parallize (utilizing multi-cores) any of our pipeline for processing big graphs.